Update batch auction documentation (#449)
cowprotocol/docs: docs/cow-protocol/reference/core/auctions/bonding_pools.md

The first step for setting up a bonding pool is to deploy a Gnosis safe on Mainnet with only [the CoW DAO safe](https://etherscan.io/address/0xcA771eda0c70aA7d053aB1B25004559B918FE662) as a signer, as is described in [CIP-7](https://snapshot.box/#/s:cow.eth/proposal/0x267edf7a0bd3c771cfca763322f011ee106d8d5158612c11da29183260d1dba7).

Once this safe has been confirmed by the CoW DAO team, the safe should be funded with \$500,000 USD in (yield bearing) stable coins and 1,500,000 COW tokens. After this is done, the bonding pool can be used to vouch for solvers in the solver competition.

# Setting up a reduced bonding pool
Solvers that are currently vouched under the CoW DAO Bonding pool may decide to set up a reduced bonding pool according to [CIP-44](https://snapshot.box/#/s:cow.eth/proposal/0x1b6f1171633ec3d20c4370db37074aa1bd830486d4d0d6c26165915cc42d9412), where the main benefit is that then they can fully control their calldata and the onchain submission process. Note that the interested solver team first needs to coordinate with the core team, that is currently managing the CoW DAO bonding pool, and the core team maintains the right to reject such a reduced pool setup.

> Assuming that the core team does approve the creation of a reduced bonding pool, the first step for setting up a reduced bonding pool is to deploy a Gnosis safe on Mainnet that has only one signer (the CoW DAO Solver Payouts safe, that is, eth:0xA03be496e67Ec29bC62F01a428683D7F9c204930). After this is done and has been confirmed by the CoW DAO team, the solver needs to deposit \$50,000 in (yield bearing) stable coins or ETH, and 500,000 COW tokens to the newly created safe, and gradually build the pool's size all the way to \$100,000 in (yield bearing) stable coins or ETH, and 1,000,000 COW tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming that the core team approves the creation of a reduced bonding pool, the first step for setting up a reduced bonding pool is to deploy a Gnosis safe on Mainnet that has only one signer (the CoW DAO Solver Payouts safe, that is, eth:0xA03be496e67Ec29bC62F01a428683D7F9c204930). After this is done and has been confirmed by the CoW DAO team, the solver needs to deposit \$50,000 in (yield bearing) stable coins or ETH, and 500,000 COW tokens to the newly created safe, and gradually build the pool's size all the way to \$100,000 in (yield bearing) stable coins or ETH, and 1,000,000 COW tokens.
```
